[DMS-871] Context based routing documentation (#69)
Ed-Fi-Alliance-OSS/Project-Tanager: docs/DMS/MULTITENANCY/CONTEXT-BASED-ROUTING.md

Authorization: bearer {config_token}
```

### Get Specific Instance

```http
GET http://localhost:8081/v2/dmsInstances/{instanceId}
Authorization: bearer {config_token}
```

## Migration from ODS/API

If you're migrating from the Ed-Fi ODS/API platform that used `OdsContextRouteTemplate`:

| ODS/API Feature | DMS Equivalent |
|-----------------|----------------|
| `OdsContextRouteTemplate` in ApiSettings | Route contexts defined via Configuration Service API |
| `dbo.OdsInstances` table | `POST /v2/dmsInstances` endpoint |
| `dbo.OdsInstanceContext` table | `POST /v2/dmsInstanceRouteContexts` endpoint |
| ASP.NET route template syntax | Standard URL path segments |

## Summary

Context-based routing in DMS provides a powerful way to segment data while maintaining a unified API surface. By configuring instances and route contexts through the Configuration Service, you can:

- Support multiple districts with a single API deployment
- Maintain year-over-year historical data in separate databases
- Use flexible multi-dimensional routing (district + year, or other combinations)
- Grant applications access to multiple instances with a single credential

> This approach is ideal for multi-tenant scenarios, regional data centers, and organizations that need to maintain strict data segregation while providing a consistent API experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This approach is ideal for regional deployments and for organizations that require strict data segmentation, while making the segmentation explicit to the API client through the API routes.
```
